hi i'm lakshmi the lead designer for the
sims ii freetime expansion pack sims
like everyone else know that life is a
lot bigger than just work in school look
no further than the sims to free time to
introduce your sins to fun new ways to
spend their leisure time there are
plenty of exciting activities for your
sims to enjoy by themselves or with
friends there's also a new lifetime
aspiration meter that rewards your Sims
as they reach their goals let's take a
look at the game and I'll show you what
I mean meet joy music is her passion and
she practices various instruments in her
free time
like the piano and the violin Joy's been
playing the violin for a few years now
and it is one of her favorite hobbies
let's hear her play a little
you
when your sim reaches maximum enthusiasm
for an activity they get in the zone
when they're in the zone everything
seems to fade away and their motives
decay at a slower rate just remember
that you don't have to have high skill
in an activity to get in the zone just
high enthusiasm let's see what kinds of
activities joys family likes Joy's mom
Marie is hard at work sewing a teddy
bear for her little boy sunny she seems
to be very creative but not really good
at this craft look at the one-eyed bear
she's created one really cool feature
about the sims 2 free time is that you
can turn your hobbies into careers you
can choose to sell creations like
clothing pottery and artwork for
samolians - way to go Marie looks like
she made a really nice looking teddy
bear let's head to the kitchen with
Marie and she'll show us another
favorite hobby of hers Marie is also
really excited about entering her dish
into the food contest in the sims 2 free
time Sims can compete in several new
contests including food video games and
dance and here sunny playing with blocks
this is the new toddler activity table
up to 4 toddlers or children can use
this table to draw or build with blocks
toddlers can also build skill by using
the activity
who knows Sonny could grow up one day to
become an architect speaking of which
the sims to free time has five all-new
careers for your sims to try including
dance entertainment intelligence
oceanography and architecture
let's have Murray take Sonny out to the
backyard for a little family surprise I
didn't mention this but it's Joy's
birthday today
when joy becomes a team we can choose
some of her friends to grow up with
when your symmetry is a big life moment
then their lifetime aspiration meter
will get a huge bonus and they'll be
rewarded with lifetime benefit points
let's take a look at some of the cool
stuff joy can get with their points like
any knowledge sim joys really curious
about aliens and if she continues to
excel at life one day she'll be able to
summon them to her since joy hasn't
reached that level yet we might as well
give her a secondary aspiration being a
serious knowledge sim she could do with
some romance in her life
Joy's dad Scott loved sports seriese
shooting some hoops with his buddy oh
well maybe next time Scott let's do
something that Scott's a little better
at like restoring cars this old car is
one of the coolest items in the sims 2
free time but your sims will need some
patience this baby needs a new engine
windshield a good buff and a fresh coat
of paint Scott's been working hard on
this car so let's stick around to see
the big payoff while they're working
let's talk about Hobby enthusiasm for a
second as since participate in
activities they build enthusiasm to
their hobbies with increased enthusiasm
that can unlock secret lofts receive
magazine subscriptions and more all
related to their favorite activities and
if you recall when they reach maximum
enthusiasm that's when your Sims really
get in the zone
aside from arts and crafts cuisine music
and dance sports and tinkering there are
a ton of other new activities you're
sent to try will they enjoy science
nature film and literature games or
fitness looks like Scott's just about
finished with his car all we need to do
is choose the paint color how about
black let's get the whole family over
here so they can see Scott's big moment
what a great accomplishment for Scott
let's have Murray congratulate him
Oh
Oh looks like the kids didn't like
seeing that
let's celebrate this moment cool and
take the car for a spin around the block
that's a quick look at the sims 2 free
time I hope you're as excited about it
as we are look for it in stores on
February 28th
thanks for joining me
you